Advanced Installation Instructions for the CXL Library

This distribution includes standard installer packages for the macOS platform
and Linux platforms (CentOS, Debian, GNU/Linux, Red Hat, Ubuntu, and others).
If you are installing on one of these platforms, have superuser (root)
privileges, do not want to install the CXL library in your HOME directory, and
do not want to customize the installation process, please refer to file
Install.txt for instructions on using the standard installers.

Library make files for macOS and Linux platforms are included in this
distribution.  Compilation on other Unix platforms should be possible as well,
however it has not been tested, so there may be errors.  If this occurs, please
contact the author with the details so that the problem can be resolved.  (See
the ReadMe.md file for contact information.)  Note that if you are installing on
a macOS system, Xcode must already be installed (vers. 7.2.1 or later
recommended) so that command-line tools are available.

To install the CXL library with optional customizations, perform the following
steps:

 1. Move to the directory that contains this CustomInstall.txt file:

	$ cd CXL-master

 2. Remove any existing package binaries:

	$ make clean

 3. Build the CXL library.  This will create file "libcx.a" in the current
    directory.  Note that during compilation you may see warnings about
    uninitialized variables, signed/unsigned comparisons, or other messages with
    some compilers.  These may be ignored:

	$ make

 4. Install the CXL library.  If you have superuser privileges and want to do a
    site-wide install, go to the next step; otherwise, go to step 7.

 5. Perform a site-wide install:

	$ su root
	# make install
	# exit

 6. Go to step 8.

 7. Perform a local (user) install.  Supply the pathname of the local
    installation directory with the INSTALL variable; for example,
    "$HOME/cxlib":

	$ make install INSTALL=$HOME/cxlib

 8. Installation completed.

Note that the -lcx switch or path to the CXL library (/usr/local/lib/libcx.a
or $HOME/cxlib/libcx.a) must be provided to the linker when you link your
programs.
